SAN FRANCISCO 2022- 23 
DEC – JAN TRIP 

https://theplanetd.com/72-hours-in-san-francisco/
Your Weekend Guide To San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO – THINGS TO DO 
Friday evening:North Beach 
Head over to North Beach to get a feel for classic San Francisco.(its near china town )
Wander through City Lights bookshop, have a drink at Vesuvio, and finish with dinner at The House (reservations recommended)  — an old-establishment Asian fusion restaurant 

Saturday morning:
Get up early and go to the iconic Ferry Building to take in one of the city’s best farmer’s markets, and a hallmark of San Francisco’s organic food scene.
Restaurants and food trucks will have stands with mouth-watering breakfast treats (the 4505 breakfast sandwich is sinfully delicious) and don’t forget to grab a cup of Blue Bottle Coffee in the Ferry Building itself.
Enjoy every sip as you watch the boats pass under the area’s overshadowed — but also impressive — Bay Bridge.
Saturday afternoon:
Take the F-train (a streetcar that resembles a cable car, but with fewer tourists) from the Ferry Building down Market Street, until it ends on Castro Street. (castro close to noe Valley )
CASTRO 
Walk down Castro street and enjoy the colors, the rainbow crosswalks, and the energy of one of America’s first and proudest gay neighborhoods.

VALENCIA (near Mission district )
Once re-fueled, make your way to Valencia Street, where you’ll find San Francisco’s comprehensive hipster scene in the form of coffee shops, thrift stores, and of course, people.
The boutiques in this area are as impressive in decor as they are in goods, so enjoy the art and the shopping all at once.
Make sure you check out stores like The Community Thrift Store, Thread Lounge, 826 Valencia (founded by Dave Eggers), and Paxton Gate to get a full breadth of this diverse and oh-so-trendy neighborhood.
After one drink (that’s all you’ll need), mosey on over to Mission Street.
Your goal is to have a meal at Mission Chinese — the mouth-watering-and-mouth-numbing restaurant that serves modern Sichuan Chinese food. Prepare for spice.
But, if the line is too long, or you can’t handle the spice, walk across the street to Gracias Madre, a vegan Mexican restaurant that will make you forget that there’s no meat.

Sunday morning:
Enjoy a lazy morning and grab an easy bite at Flour & Co., a tiny bakery in Nob Hill that serves unbelievable breakfast and coffee, including gluten-free bread that tastes even better than the gluten-ed kind.
Everything on their menu is delicious, but their breakfast sandwich is the stuff dreams are made of.
Sunday day:
Golden Gate Park (from noe valley 9 min by car )
Take an Uber to Golden Gate Park and either rent a bike or walk around the museum plaza.
If it’s a clear day, it’s one of the best views of the city, and if you do want to see some great art, the deYoung is a fantastic option.

SUNDAY EVENING 
Finish your epic weekend in San Francisco by strolling over to Haight Ashbury — a touristy, but iconic part of the city’s hippie counterculture days — now full of costume and thrift shops. For record collectors, Amoeba Music is a must.


Sutro Baths 
have to be one of my favorite spots in San Francisco. Being by the water, enjoying the breezy, finding San Francisco’s Heart is just a calming experience and makes for a great place for landscape photography.
How To Get To Sutro Baths:
It is pretty straightforward to get to Sutro Baths. Just enter “Sutro Baths” in your GPS. Once again the most difficult part is finding parking and the many stairs down..and up to the Baths.
4. Kirby Cove – Best Sunrise Photography San Francisco
Kirby Cove is a gem. Off of a hiking trail in Hawk Hill, Kirby Cove is a secluded beach equipped with a man-made swing so you can enjoy the waves crashing by under the Golden Gate Bridge.
How To Get To Kirby Cove:
Type in “Kirby Cove” in Google Maps and navigate there. Park along the left side.
Make sure to not leave any valuables in the car or anything that looks worth stealing. There are many car thieves that break into cars here!
After parking, walk up towards a gated path. It should say “Kirby Cove.” The walk down the path is easy and is about a mile long taking around 20-25 mins.
You may see deer roaming around so keep your camera ready to snap.
What Gear/Lens is Best: Wide Angle,Tripod
Best Time to Shoot: Sunrise

TWIN PEAKS 
Twin Peaks has one of the best views of the city. You can see all of downtown, the Bay Bridge, and even the Golden Gate Bridge.

How To Get To Twin Peaks:
Once again, just enter “Twin Peaks” in Google Maps. It’ll take you to the top of the peak where you’ll find a parking lot. This requires minimal effort as the view is just right there. Not a lot of walking! If there’s no parking, I usually just go around the hill and park on the side.
This area can be a little dangerous if you are not familiar with the area. Some roads turn from a one-way to a two-way traffic! BE CAREFUL especially at night or when it is very foggy! Always drive slow, keep your headlights on and READ THE SIGNS!
Best Time to Shoot: Night
What Gear/Lens is Best: Wide Angle, Short Zoom, Long Zoom, Tripod



BIG SUR ROAD ITINERARY

https://theplanetd.com/big-sur-road-trip/
four days driving along this stretch of the Pacific Coast Highway 1.
To Get to Big Sur from San Francisco, follow US 101 to 85 South and then merge onto 17 South until you come to highway 1. You will then follow Highway 1 all the way to Monterey where you will begin your drive along the Big Sur coastline of the Pacific Coast Highway.

Things to do in Carmel by the Sea, California, 

WHERE WE ARE STAYING 
https://www.marriott.com/en-us/hotels/mryca-monterey-marriott/overview/





 20 Great Things to do in Monterey, California
https://theplanetd.com/things-to-do-in-carmel-by-the-sea/
CARMEL BY THE SEA (day 1 )(day 5)
HOTEL TO CARMEL (by car – 10 mins )
Carmel by the Sea is just 10 minutes from Monterey and it is easy to explore Carmel village by either making a base there, Pebble Beach or Carmel by the Sea.
The first official stop on our Big Sur road trip itinerary is Carmel by the Sea. It is a beautiful seaside community that is one of the most exclusive communities in the United States. Clint Eastwood was the mayor of this beautiful seaside town and there are plenty of things to do in Carmel to keep you occupied for a day or two. Carmel truly does feel like a storybook with fairy tale cottages, art galleries, and gorgeous ocean views.
STAY OPTIONS (We are not using this )
The Hideaway which had gorgeous rooms and was located just a half a mile from the beach. It was centrally located in downtown Carmel so we could walk to restaurants at night making it a great base for the north portion of your Big Sur road trip.  
Another charming hotel in Carmel is Cypress Inn 
MONTEREY MARRIOT to Cyrus inn -  15 m car 

Mission Ranch Restaurant (sunset) (to be booked and have a look )
https://www.missionranchcarmel.com/restaurant.htm
One of the coolest places we visited in Carmel by the Sea was the Mission Ranch Hotel and Restaurant. Thanks to the efforts of Clint Eastwood, this historic property was preserved. This old dairy farm dates back to the 1850s. It might be out of reach to stay at, but you can dine at the Mission Ranch restaurant for dinner or head to it for Sunday brunch. And a hot tip is that the terrace of the Mission Ranch restaurant is another great spot to watch sunset.
The Restaurant at Mission Ranch is one of the most spectacular spots to dine on the Monterey Peninsula. The view is gorgeous: sheep grazing in our meadow, Santa Lucia Mountains in the near distance and Point Lobos with the Pacific Ocean's crashing waves. The Restaurant at Mission Ranch offers a varied and pleasing menu, moderately priced, featuring Classic American Cuisine.
Paso Robles/San Luis Obisbo (SLO)
From mariot Monterey (2.5 hrs ) to Paso Robles 
3 DAYS IN Paso 
https://whimsysoul.com/actually-cool-things-to-do-in-paso-robles-california-central-coast/
https://www.travelpaso.com/plan-your-trip/trip-ideas/top-10-romantic-excursions-in-paso-robles-wine-country/ 
https://whatthefab.com/things-to-do-in-paso-robles.html
Located in the coastal mountain range of central California, Paso Robles, or "Pass of the Oaks," is close to mountains, beaches and deserts. The area has an ideal climate for wine-making; grape growing in the region began in 1797. There are now more than 170 wineries, 26,000 vineyard acres and 40 varietals of wine. Visit the thermal springs, which are said to have healing powers, or one of the more modern spring resorts in the area.
PASO ROBLES DOWNTOWN 
https://pasoroblesdowntown.org/main-street/
Downtown Paso Robles has so many cute small boutiques and stores. Set aside an hour to stroll around the Square and pop into anything that catches your eye. Make sure to stop by We Olive to pick up a bottle of Halter Ranch Vineyard olive oil, 
Wander Sensorio Field Of Lights (MUST )BUY TICKETS BEFORE HAND 
https://sensoriopaso.com
EKK! I can’t express how dang cool the Sensorio Field Of Lights is! Dreamy, magical, etherealare all words that come to mind when descrbing this art event. 
While visiting, we stayed at JustINN, a cute luxury boutique inn right on the Justin winery property. It’s about a 20-minute drive out from the town of Paso Robles, so you’re really just surrounded by vineyards and nature.
NOVEMBER 6th — DECEMBER 31st:
THU, SUN | 5:00pm — 9:00pm
FRI, SAT | 5:00pm — 9:30pm
Featured in The New York Times as #6 in ​“50 Places to Visit in 2020,” Light at Sensorio features two installations by internationally acclaimed artist Bruce Munro. Field of Light is a 15-acre walk-through experience, Munro’s largest artwork to date, comprised of more than 58,800 stemmed spheres lit by fiber optics, gently illuminating the landscape in subtle blooms of morphing color that describe the undulating landscape. Our latest installation, Light Towers celebrates Paso Robles’ extensive wine country environs, featuring 69 towers composed of more than 17,000 wine bottles, illuminated with glowing optic fibers whose colors morph to an inspiring musical score. Powered by solar, these stunning exhibits captivate visitors, inviting them to engage with the landscape and environment through an ethereal light based and sculptural experience. Smithsonian Magazine has called Munro’s art ​“stunning,” while The Guardiannoted ​“This is art you feel, rather than art you view.”
BUY TICKETS 
https://sensoriopaso.com/tickets

CUSTOM GOOGLE MAP WITH RESTAURANTS / WINERIES 
https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1FPI0tyD4Nvlugmf3ykONJ8DQQGmISO9T&ll=35.630880979623704%2C-120.83108145&z=10
Wineries 
https://whatthefab.com/paso-robles-wineries.html
There are over 300 wineries in Paso Robles which is too many for anyone to visit in a decade let alone a weekend.
We dined at the Restaurant at JUSTIN for lunch and had such a delicious meal.
JUSTIN Winery in Paso Robles is absolutely one of those can’t-miss vineyards in Paso! Located at 11680 Chimney Rock Road.
Austin wineries , Monica – suggested 

ROUTE 46 
Take Route 46 on your way back to Paso Robles for an evening of wine tasting. Head to Epoch, atop York Mountain, for stories and unobstructed views. Head back towards Paso and turn left into Booker to see a historic and biodynamically managed vineyard and then to Castoro Cellars for a game of disc golf through its vineyard.
Paso Robles Hot Springs SPA 
One of the more unusual things to do in Paso Robles is hot springs! As a hot spring addict, I love hunting down natural swimming hotels and mineral pools to soak in. There are two options for you:
River Oaks Hot Springs: This is a spa that pumps local hot spring mineral water into tubs for you to enjoy in private. Mineral waters have healing properties and does your body wonders when you soak in it. They offer massages and other treatments, too. (I personally prefer the rugged natural pools, but this spa option is perfect for anyone looking for an upgraded hot springs experience!)
Franklin Hot Springs: This is the Paso Roble natural hot spring. It’s connected to a lake but the water gets up to 100 degrees! It’s $7 to soak and all based on the honor system, so make sure to bring cash for this. 
